hey what's going on guys my name is Greg
fps and today what I have for you guys a
really cool glitch in Call of Duty
advanced warfare to actually get on the
roof on the map retreat so as you can
see right here this building is huge and
you can't really get up there the only
way to get up there is by doing this
glitch and it has not been patched yet
which is awesome so what you do is you
go to this corner you double jump and
then go backwards you land up on this
late thing and then what you'd want to
avoid the white just avoid it completely
because if you hit it you'll fall and
you just double jump right up onto the
roof there and then you can double jump
around and boom there on top of the roof
which is really really cool and you can
actually get all the way up to the top
top right here which is sick because
then if you're playing like search and
destroy you can look at the bomb right
there the other bombs in between you
can't really see it but I thought this
was awesome definitely really cool and
it's useful in multiplayer until it gets
patched and you can also jump up on the
turtle if you guys remember that spawns
you can actually get on top of it which
is really cool so if you're like a
sniper and you want to trick shots you
can go absolutely insane and just spin a
bunch of times get people i mean it's
awesome it's really really cool so i
thought i would show you guys i know
it's kind of not that good to be like a
glitcher and stuff but it's not patched
yet a lot of people are using it and
infected and things like that and i want
to thank my friend santan who was the
one that actually told me about this so
let's get into some gameplay of me
getting on the roof
you got him yo what's up green gas lamp
dude that is so awesome sweetie insight
I'm at the top oh do this one guy left
just just hide just hi
you know what's up Ricky look at this
thing dude
I think so yeah yeah yeah he is I don't
want to kill all out of it is so
overpowered dude ready